docs: remove beta label from Coder Desktop (#18651)
coder/coder: docs/user-guides/desktop/index.md

# Coder Desktop

> Coder Desktop provides seamless access to your remote workspaces without CLI installation or manual port forwarding. Connect to workspace services using simple hostnames like `myworkspace.coder`, launch native applications with one click, and synchronize files between local and remote environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Coder Desktop provides seamless access to your remote workspaces without the need to install a CLI or configure manual port forwarding.
Connect to workspace services using simple hostnames like `myworkspace.coder`, launch native applications with one click, and synchronize files between local and remote environments.
```
